What is your understanding of Blockchain?
Ans:Blockchain is a distributed database existing on multiple computers at the same time. 
It is constantly growing as new sets of recordings,or 'blocks', are added to it. 
Each block contains a timestamp and a link to the previous block,so they actually form a chain


What is the core problem Blockchain trying to solve?
Ans: In creating a blockchain, organizations need to define the specific problem they are trying to solve. 
Then they must determine which transactions orinteractions the blockchain should capture and who should have access to which portions.
Its also help in verfication process also.

What are the few features which Blockchain will give you?
Ans:The Blockchain gives  Decentralized Technology,Enhanced Security,Distributed Ledgers,Consensus,Faster Settlement

What all things does a Block contain?
Ans:A blockchain, originally block chain, is a growing list of records, called blocks, that are linked using cryptography.
 Each block containsa cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp, and transaction data

How is the verifiability of Blockchain has been attained?
Ans:it is verfiable by:
As public ledgers, Bitcoin blockchain and Ethereum require transactions to be visible by default.
Ethereum network offers pseudo-anonymity;
 for example, transactions are linked to addresses that correspond to public keys derived by user-held private keys,
 not by username or password.Certain technologies are currently being developed and tested for Ethereum 2 
and Ethereum 3 that add an enclave of privacy to public Ethereum, namely, zk-SNARKs.
A zk-SNARK is a cryptogaphic proof system that allows users to maintain private transactions while 
validating the transactions according to the network’s consensus algorithm.
Once zk-SNARKs implemented, organizations will be able to transact on the same network as 
their competitors in complete privacy, while enjoying the security of the public Ethereum blockchain.
Until then, enterprises can utilize public or private Ethereum to address a wide variety of use cases.




